
These instructions assume that you are using a linux machine, all other platforms are untested and will probably fail.
This project targets the Zynq-7000 XC7Z020-CLG484-1 SoC, found on the Zedboard development kit.

## Building

The build process can be done completely by making the Makefile present in this directory. When updating software, ensure
to update the bitstream by re-running the Makefile.
To initialize a bitstream generated by the GUI (rather than the Makefile), use the command `make bitstream`.

### Software

The `GIT_TOP/zedboard/software/` directory is built using make. Running make in the software directory builds the (pseudo, not 
quite .coe compliant) .coe file needed for simulation as well as the .mem file for updating the bitstream. Make sure 
the software is up-to-date before running the simulation script. 

### Simulation

To simulate, first generate the design in Vivado, the run the Vivado simulator. 
From the simulator's TCL command window, enter:
source --quiet sim.tcl
This initializes the block rams with the test.coe file in the software directory.

##Block Ram Initialization

To initialize block rams, an .mmi file needs to be generated. This is done automatically by the Makefile.
From the GUI, this is done by entering the following commands in the implemented design tcl shell:
  `source write_mmi.tcl`
  `write_mmi idram_gen`
This will produce `idram_gen.mmi` in the orca/zedboard directory. To then update
a bitstream generated by the gui with the new block ram values, run 
  `make bitstream`
The final bitstream will be located in out.bit in the orca/zedboard/ directory.

##Hardware Triggering

To begin triggering an ILA core right at startup (rather than on user input),
1) In the hardware manager tcl shell, enter the command
  `run_hw_ila -force -file ila_trig.tas [get_hw_ilas hw_ila_1]`
2) In the implemented design tcl shell, enter the commands
  `apply_hw_ila_trigger ila_trig.tas`
  `write_bitstream -force trig_at_startup.bit`
3) In bash, within the orca/zedboard/ directory, enter the command
  `make trigger_bitstream`
4) Program the device using out.bit in the orca/zedboard directory, as well as the debug
nets in the orca/zedboard/project/project.runs/impl1/ subdirectory. 
